docs(mutagen): explain how to reset to the default mode, fixes #8367 (#8368)
ddev/ddev: docs/content/users/install/performance.md

    On macOS and traditional Windows, Mutagen is enabled globally by default. 

    To disable Mutagen on a single project, run `ddev config --performance-mode=none && ddev restart`.

>     To revert Mutagen back to default gloablly controlled mode on a single project run `ddev config --performance-mode="" && ddev restart`.

Reviewer: Fix a typo, and we also have a specific flag for this, so it may be better to show it here:

```suggestion
    To revert Mutagen back to the default globally controlled mode for a single project, run `ddev config --performance-mode-reset && ddev restart`.
```
